From:	Lutron Electronics Co., Inc. <sales@lutron.com>
Sent:	Wednesday, May 8, 2019 6:27 AM
To:	redexces@yahoo.com
Subject:	Important Lutron and Nest Product Integration Update

If you have trouble viewing this email, read the online version.

 



 
May 8, 2019
 
The following announcement is a change in service notification.
 
Yesterday, Google announced the elimination of its Works with Nest Program, 
effective August 31, 2019. As a result, Lutron system integration with Nest products 
will be impacted, making some or all integration features inaccessible starting August 
31, 2019.
 
Read the official Google announcement and more details from Google here.
 
As a member of the Works with Nest program, Lutron has offered Caséta by Lutron, 
RA2 Select, RadioRA 2, and HomeWorks QS customers a variety of integrated Nest 
features including thermostat control from the Lutron and Connect apps. Though Nest 
product integration will be impacted, Lutron systems will continue to be controlled by 
the Google Assistant through voice, the Google Home and Google Assistant apps, 
and through Home View on Google-enabled smart displays.
 
Lutron and Google will continue working together as part of the Works with Google 
Assistant program, which is designed to provide customers a single smart home 
product control experience. As Google winds down the Works with Nest Program, 
Lutron will distribute integration updates and continue to provide the best Lutron 
experience for your home.
 
You can find more information from Lutron here.
 
 
Thank you for your patience,
 
The Lutron Team
 
 




 



 
                     
 
Lutron Electronics Co., Inc. 
7200 Suter Road, Coopersburg, PA 18036 
1.844.LUTRON1 (1.844.588.7661) 
 

Lutron is a trademark of Lutron Electronics Co., Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. For a complete list of all Lutron 
registered and common law trademarks, please visit lutron.com/trademarks.
 
Click here to unsubscribe. Review our Privacy Policies: Lutron.com   
© 2019 Lutron Electronics Co., Inc. 
 


 
 
